Add argument for SARIF report from linter (#8593)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/manage_policies.adoc

The `template-resolver` subcommand connects to the managed cluster and hub cluster to retrieve information that is necessary to resolve the templates. Provide paths by using the `--save-resources` and `--save-hub-resources` arguments to save the resources that the `template-resolver` retrieves. Those saved files can be used as inputs for the `dryrun` subcommand.

+

> *Technology Preview:* The `policytools` command-line interface introduces a `--lint` argument for the `template-resolver` subcommand to print any linting issues, along with the resolved Go templates from the input policy. To generate a SARIF report of the linter results, which may be used by other tools, provide a path with the `--sarif` argument.

Reviewer: Is the statement, "which may be used by other tools" important to have ?

```suggestion
*Technology Preview:* The `policytools` command-line interface introduces a `--lint` argument for the `template-resolver` subcommand to print any linting issues, along with the resolved Go templates from the input policy. To generate a Static Analysis Results Interchange Format (SARIF) report of the linter results, specify a file path with the `--sarif` argument.
```

Author: It's not critical, your suggestion is good :+1:
